A fresh popularities.json export (#1241)
mdn/yari: import/README.md

single time in its life existence. Once we've run it and checked it in
and moved on with our post-Wiki life, we can burn this.

## import

You can set `CONTENT_ROOT` and `CONTENT_ARCHIVE_ROOT` to any folder

> but **it's important that directories exists** otherwise Yari will

Reviewer: Typo:
```suggestion
but **it's important that the directories exist** otherwise Yari will
```
